Elad improvements (#2)
LumosO11y/ObservabilityOnboarding: learning/observability/part3.md

1. What is Instrumentation? Explain the concept and why is it important in making your application "observable".

> 2. What are the different ways of "instrumenting" your application. can you use these ways at all times? Explain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. What are the different ways of "instrumenting" your application. Can you use these methods at all times? Explain.
```

> Explain how each of them works specifically in OpenTelemetry and in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explain how each of them work specifically in OpenTelemetry and in general.
```

> 3. What does Zero-Code instrumentation doesn't allow that Code-Based does ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. What doesn't Zero-Code instrumentation allow that Code-Based does?
```

> 4. Detail about the use-cases when I would like to do Zero-Code instrumentation and Code-based instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Explain the different use-cases where you should do Zero-Code instrumentation and those where you should use Code-based instrumentation.
```

> 5. What are some instrumentation solutions that exist out there? Compare between at least 5 solutions.

Reviewer: I don't think there is a need for this question

> 6. Write a simple flask application in node-js and instrument it in both ways (Zero-code and Code-based). Output all signals to terminal.

Reviewer: I don't think there is a need for this question this early on, it should be later with OpenTelemetry
Also wtf flask and node-js?
